# Watch Face Privacy Policy
Tiny Idea Watch Face Privacy Policy

Tiny Idea Designs (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the Tiny IDea Designs Watch Face (hereinafter referred to as the “Service”).

This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.

If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Richface Watch Face unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.

The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app

Google Play Services

AdMob

Google Analytics for Firebase

Google Fit

Location Data
We may use and store information about your location if you give us permission to do so (“Location Data”). We use this data to provide features of our Service, to improve and customise our Service. You can enable or disable location services when you use our Service at any time by way of your device settings.

Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device’s internal memory.

This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.

Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), provide the Service on our behalf, perform Service-related services or assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

Google Fit

Our Watch Faces use of information received from Google APIs will adhere to the Google API Services User Data Policy, including the Limited Use requirements. We may require Google Fit permission for tracking activities:

- running
- walking
- cycling
- activity distances
- measuring calories.
We collect, store, and use this data to show user’s activity progress, measured user calories on our watch faces. The user always is able to turn off tracking these activities provided in our companion app.

We do not use Google Fit APIs to sell users’ information to third parties, such as advertising platforms, data brokers, or any information resellers.

Analytics

We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service. Google Analytics Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. You may opt-out of certain Google Analytics features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings, or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en

For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en

Firebase

Firebase is an analytics service provided by Google Inc. You may opt-out of certain Firebase features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en

We also encourage you to review Google’s policy for safeguarding your data: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245

For more information on what type of information Firebase collects, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en

Payments

To access some parts of the Service In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors). The payment processors we work with is:

Google Play In-App Payments

Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy

We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

